---
id: 3c087e04-7335-47a9-8281-e844d25d0ef1
title: One-Page Overview / Fact Sheet
scheduledTime: 2024-12-23T14:00:00.000Z
completed: false
project: Dynamic Momentum
order: 8
persistent: true
---

Dear Investors / Potential Investors:
It's time for "the talk". I have had some time and want to address a serious concern: is this "fluff" research, without enough substance to do anything meaningful, and could be interpreted as "scammy"? In my opinion this comes down to whether or not the research can make an actual improvement in one (perhaps small) aspect or area of the current systems that are out there and demonstrate effectiveness (at a minimum). In theory this should be provable on a 2 year max timeline. If you want to stay on the cautious side, I recommend waiting until that time to donate funding. Until this happens I cannot say for sure if it even can be done. If you choose to donate before that time, understand that perhaps nothing will come from the research you support. That being said I believe in this project and have observed multiple breakthrough demos that came as a natural progression of this research.

Main points: 
1. Research oriented: focus on real world, high impact, life improvement
2. Built upon AI/ML robotics with high growth trajectory potential

Mission: enable individuals (open source, low cost), push boundaries
current progress: Balance Assist
unique achievements: passive motion trajectory
next steps: challenge Wandercraft

Problem: usefulness in everyday life
Solution: weight constrained, integrated into existing, proven solutions, AI/ML potential
Research progress to date (demonstrations, prototypes)
Product photos